---
tags:
  - "#ruchi"
  - "#chitransh-verma"
---
I had feelings for Ruchi, and yesterday, around midnight, perhaps around 10:30 or so, I decided to express my emotions to her.

As expected, she declined my proposal, leaving me feeling quite sad. I went straight to my room and began to feel overwhelmed, although I didn't actually cry. Seeking support, I messaged my friend, Chitransh Verma, informing him that she had turned down my proposal and expressing my sadness.

In response, he offered support, advising me to move on and suggesting that perhaps my approach was not the best. Intrigued, I asked him what the right way would be. He encouraged me to be straightforward with my feelings and to talk to her directly, like a mature individual. This advice uplifted my spirits that night, and I decided to take his suggestion to heart.

Feeling empowered, I crafted an entirely new paragraph for my proposal. This time, I was direct and honest, telling her that I wanted her to be my girlfriend and that I would take care of her, addressing any concerns she might have. I conveyed my feelings through the Signal messaging app.

I sent the message on Sunday, January 14th, at 13:48, and she replied on January 15th at 9:42, after 6-7 hours. Feeling a bit disheartened, I began to lose hope. Eventually, she responded, stating that my approach didn't work for her. She explained that she didn't share the same level of feelings, and despite my willingness to wait, she didn't seem interested. Perhaps, as my friend Chitransh suggested, she might not be the right person. She also starts acting like a 9th standard girl in the messages. She's immature

Now, as classmates, there might be some awkward situations in college. However, with time, things will likely normalize.
