---
tags:
  - "#ruchi"
  - "#college"
  - "#Friends"
date: 2024-01-16
---
I just woke up, not in a mood to go to take shower and be outside from my bed but I have to do

Today will be a good day. I'm meeting my friend again after exams and also maybe If I'm lucky I had a convo with ruchi

#### 22:00
Today, I went to college with friends (Anshuman, Rohit, Pankaj, Chitransh Verma, and Ruchi).

I felt bad today because the person I was talking and thinking about all day, I had to ignore. She did the same; she never greeted me today after we met a long time ago. But it's okay; it was expected. How could I expect things to be different?

> She is running to me, hugged me tightly, and started laughing loudly, "hahaha."

It will never happen.

In the bus, I was sitting in my former and favorite seat, but she didn't come along. I was sitting alone both going to college and coming home. I wonder what's on her mind.

I have to let her go. It's just a feeling, and Lakshay never relies on feelings. It only feels bad when she is around, acting like she doesn't even know me.

I have to wait for the right person. I guess she is not the right person; she doesn't value me. It's all talk; she has never done one thing that I can say she did for me, and I'm grateful.

In the evening, my brain was convincing me to be her friend again, but I WILL NOT. Slowly, I will remove her from my life and mind.

It's not a great option to be her friend again. I have some self-respect, dude. *I am happy to be alone.*