---
tags:
  - "#Ruchi"
date: 2023-11-15
---

My sessional exams are starting on 17th November, beginning with the Operating System exam. Today, I learned about disk scheduling and created a PDF note, which I posted on Google Drive and shared it on my Discord server.

I've noticed something about Ruchi. Currently, I'm her best friend, and everything 
is going smoothly. However, sometimes 

> I tend to over care, over express, or over share things.

^a42a38

These tendencies trouble me because I fear that if I keep doing this, she might drift away, leaving me alone. I don't want to continue with these behaviours.

Additionally, my parents are urging me to find remote or offline work to at least cover transportation expenses for my college. They are right, but currently, I'm not in a condition to manage that. I'm actively seeking internships or open-source projects to contribute to and earn some money. I've also applied for data entry work, similar to what my sister has been doing for the past two months. Money will be of great help to me soon.

In the night, my mom asked if the email regarding the data entry work had arrived for me. I tried to divert the conversation by mentioning that I receive several emails daily, and I asked which specific one she was referring to. However, my dad intervened in the conversation and insisted on a straightforward response, asking me to answer with a simple yes or no. It made me feel uncomfortable. Now, I prefer not to ask my parents for anything other than food. However, I fear they might take this away too if I don't work.