---
tags:
  - "#Ruchi"
  - "#exam"
  - "#chaos"
date: 2023-11-18
---
Today, I had a probability and statistics exam, but I didn't study well, resulting in a very poor performance. I couldn't answer anything as the exam primarily comprised formula-based questions, and unfortunately, I didn't know the formulas. However, I'm not overly concerned as I plan to study extensively for the final exams.

But today, I had a small disagreement with Ruchi. She seemed upset, and I was also affected by the incident from last night [[17-11-2023#^7c74ce]]. In college, everything was normal, but outside, she walked separately and wasn't talking to anyone. When she tried to engage in conversation, I responded with brief and uninterested replies. Eventually, she spoke to me rudely. On the bus ride from Bhupani to the border, she was showing me reels and her bio. I asked about the meaning of her bio 'viva la vida,' to which she replied, 'long live life,' but I didn't understand. She then said I was irritating her, and I chose not to engage further. ^9e46b1

On the way home, she asked what I would do at home, and I questioned her sudden interest, reminding her of her earlier comment about me being irritating. It felt like she was projecting her anger onto me, which in turn made me upset.

- She has to stop the reels or lower the volume when I signal her on the ground if she is using it to escape the situation. However, we are enjoying the moment and don't want to listen to that noise.
- She must declare that she is in a bad mood, requesting no one to talk to her at that moment.
- When someone approaches her, she should politely convey, "I'm not in the mood; let's talk later," instead of being rude or arrogant.