---
tags:
  - "#Friends"
  - "#Ruchi"
  - "#chitransh-verma"
  - "#Asad"
  - "#college"
date: 2023-11-22
---
I told her that my emotions, drama, and hormonal stuff were responsible for those feelings towards you, Ruchi. It seems she wasn't shocked; instead, she appeared happy or more expressive to me.

> I believe our friendship has taken a new turn.

==I genuinely don't have feelings for her, even though she is very nice and friendly.==

Asad's attendance is below 65%. He's engaging in various college activities like presentations, drawing competitions, and solving previous year's question papers to make up for it. I think I can help him; he's in a crisis, and he's a good man. I offered to do his software engineering paper.

Ruchi also agreed to independently handle the data warehousing and mining subject paper; I didn't pressure her, even though she might dislike or not like him. However, the rest of the group members didn't offer help. Anshuman is assisting Nikhil with his exam paper, but Chitransh Verma isn't contributing to Asad's situation, even though he could help but refused to do so.

I personally observe a competitive dynamic between Asad and *Chitransh*. **Asad is more practical than Chitransh**. Chitransh seems more delusional; he's knowledgeable about everything and all the drama but isn't taking any action except consuming content – he's a consumer, *not a producer*.

Asad, on the other hand, is aware of the drama but is actively doing something about it. I know he doesn't like coding much; he's more into statistics. He has a foolproof plan and even a backup plan.